.TH FILE2C 3
.SH NAME
file2c/*.h \- An API for \fBfile2c(1)\fR
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <\fIstdio.h\fR>
.br
#include <\fIsys/types.h\fR>
.br
#include <\fIfile2c/genfile.h\fR>

ssize_t \fIcopy_escaped\fR(FILE*, FILE*);
.br
char* \fIhex2s\fR(unsigned int);

#include <\fIfile2c/main.h\fR>

int \fIfile2c_main\fR(int, char**);

#include <\fIstdbool.h\fR>
#include <\fIfile2c/settings.h\fR>

extern char* \fIuse_variable_name\fR;
.br
extern bool \fIuse_java_escapes\fR;
.br
extern bool \fIuse_java_decl\fR;
.br
extern char* \fIfile_name\fR;
.br
extern char* \fIoutfile\fR;
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcopy_escaped\fR \- read characters from first argument, write to second argument, escaping non-alphanumeric characters.

\fBhex2s\fR \- Convert a character to octal/hexadecimal string.

\fBfile2c_main\fR \- Run \fBfile2c(1)\fR without starting a separate process

\fBuse_variable_name\fR \- Used variable name. If NULL, will be set to input file name with any insufficient character replaced
to underlines.

\fBuse_java_escapes\fR \- If set to true, only Java/C89 compatible escape characters will be used.

\fBuse_java_decl\fR \- If set to true, declaration will look:
.RS 3
final String xxx = "...";
.RE
rather than:
.RS 3
const char xxx[] = "...";
.RE

\fBfile_name\fR \- Name of input file.

\fBoutfile\fR \- Name of output file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B file2c(1)
.br
See Texinfo manual: \fBinfo file2c\fR
.SH AUTHORS
This man page is \fBcopyright Jakub Kaszycki\fR.
File2C is \fbcopyright Jakub Kaszycki\fR.
.SH STANDARDS
This program does not conform to any standards. Yeah!!!
