.TH FILE2C 1
.SH NAME
file2c \- Convert file to C source & more
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B file2c
\-f \fIfile\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B file2c
puts a file's contents (we now call this file \fIinput\fR) to a C source or Java incomplete source file (we now call this file
\fIoutput\fR). The characters are copied byte\-by\-byte (wide characters are read as more than one one-byte characters).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-f " " \fIFILE\fR ", " \-\-file " " \fIFILE\fR
Select an input file.
.B This option is required.
.TP
.BR \-o " " \fIFILE\fR ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Select an output file. Default name is \fIfile2c.out\fR. This option is reccommended to use.
.TP
.BR \-v " " \fIVARIABLE\fR ", " \-\-variable " " \fIVARIABLE\fR
Select the name of output variable (default is input file name with all unsuitable characters replaced to underlines, if input
file name starts with a digit, it's also replaced to an underline).
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print version and exit with status code 0.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print version and short help message, exit with status code 0.
.TP
.BR \-j ", " \-\-java
Use only Java/C89 compatible escape characters.
.TP
.BR \-J ", " \-\-java\-decl
Auto-implies \fI-j\fR, use Java-style String variable rather than C declarations
.SH SEE ALSO
.B file2c(3)
.br
See info manual: \fBinfo file2c\fR
.SH AUTHORS
This man page is \fBcopyright Jakub Kaszycki\fR.
File2C is \fBcopyright Jakub Kaszycki\fR.
.SH STANDARDS
This tool does not conform to any standards. Yeah!!!
